
abbey_A0= 
archives_A0= 
armoury_A0= 
bakery_A0=Pagaritöökoda
carpenterhouse_A0=Puuseppa maja
cattlefarm_A0=Veise farm
church_A0=
church_A2=Kirik
farm_A0=
farm_B0=
forge_A0=
fort_A0=
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Vahitorn
fort_A_righttower_A0=Vahitorn
grove_A0=Puistik
grove_B0=Puistik
grove_C0=Puistik
guardhouse_A0=Valvuri maja
guesthouse_A0=valvuri maja
guildhouse_A0=
inn_A0=Kõrts
lumbermanhut_A0=Puuraiduri hütt
lumbermanhut_B0=Puuraiduri hütt
manor_A0=
market_A0=
pigfarm_A0=Sea farm
playerestate_A0=Linna kinnisvara
playerhugefield_A0=Väga suur ala
playerlargefield_A0=Suur ala
playerlargehouse_A0=KOdanlik maja
playersmallfield_A0=Väike ala
playersmallhouse_A0=Väike ala
presbytery_A0=
quarry_A0=Kaevandus
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Lamba farm
tavern_A0=
watchtower_A0=Vahitorn
fountain_A0=
largefountain_A0=
well_A0=Kaev
alchemyworkshop_A0=
townhall_A0=
townhallagricole_A0=

playerfort_A0=
anomalyone_A0=
anomalytwo_A0=
anomalythree_A0=


lonelumbermanhut_A0=Puuraiduri hütt
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Puuraiduri hütt
lonemine_A0=
loneabbey_A0=
ruinedfarm_A0=
ruinedfarm_B0=
ruinedfarm_C0=
banditlair_A0=Bandiidi koobas
alchemisttower_A0=
bandittower_A0=
abandonedmill_A0=Mahajäetud saeveski
abandonedmine_A0=
abandonedtower_A0=Lammutatud torn
loneinn_A0=Üksildane kõrts
lonemill_A0=Üksildane vesiveski
feloncastle_A0=
pantheon_A0=