quarrybyzantine_A0=Lom
grovebyzantine_A0=Haj
testfarm_A0=Farma
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Mlyn
churchbyzantine_A0=Stavebni parcela kostela
churchbyzantine_A9=Ortodoxni kostel
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Oltar
artisanbyzantine_A0=Dum remeslniku
workshopbyzantine_A0=Dilna
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Staroveky chram
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Staroveke divadlo
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pekarna
placebyzantine_A0=Radnice
fortbyzantine_A0=Pevnost
forgebyzantine_A0=Kovarna
villa urbana_A0=Staveni
tavernbyzantine_A0=Hospoda
bakerybyzantine_A0=Pekarna
fisherbyzantine_A0=Rybarska chatrc
lumberbyzantine_A0=Drevorubecka chatrc
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Hlidkova vez
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kaple
farmbyzantine_A0=Farma
sheepbyzantine_A0=Ovci farma
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Pevnost
innbyzantine_A0=Hospoda
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Penzion
basilkabyzantine_A0=Trznice
barracksbyzantine_A0=Kasarny
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Postel
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Prestybar

oaktower_A0=Hlidkova vez
birchtower_A0=Hlidkova vez
pinetower_A0=Hlidkova vez
jungletower_A0=Hlidkova vez

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Mestska kaple
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Vinice
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Brezovy haj
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Farma na hedvabi
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Pokoj v pevnosti
lighthouse_a0=Majak
architectbyzantine_a0=Studio architekta
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Pokoj v osamele pevnosti
lonecastle_a0=Osamela pevnost
lonesheepfarm_a0=Osamela ovci farma
lonesheepfarm_b0=Osamela ovci farma
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Dubovy haj

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Cviciste
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Pokoj hrace
